to make art come with me believe
that put in with beautiful work legal
know I'm a fan has jute has filter
coffee cone c cláudia this so much that
dont tweet it then it helps
100% recyclable and here I wanted to innovate
because a velvet that does not have a flap of
velvet with lindu the mother has a chest in
house that was a dressmaker receive she gives a
look at is the story and I put it is
also two versions of it I put a
court and café with regular help and
one I made that is the face of the afternoon that is
that a good gift to her will bring
I already know that if it's a fight, it 's the bridge in
others walk in camila's face
it is also the europe side to adopt this is the
my face people work douro
together with coffee filter or so
He cited this footprint too, I like it here.
I really like it a lot
Look what a cute thing and I 'm not going
You will not even feel the hat.
for some special reason that sees only me
to be here my mind and this one here
she did kindly to walk in the
structure also working people then
when she withdrew with coffee filter
down here and comes with help making a
review and you can make the
also with a strainer I already did
one pound of pet bottle with jassa frame
I've had so much I get on the wing when the
frame can also make how beautiful
room cover can access the site it
You can do it today the way you
you want
here for example which materials
I used I used the leather paper
to form the cone I have no paper
chronic or leather that I do
know that line icon that you do
crochet before what if that of a
triangle a well bottled pet bottle
and here I decided to do and fine tuned then
I told him the paper he gives you.
malleability for you to make the size
that you can do of a meter 2 like
if you wanted to amend the paper by pleasing
old or the world you can by another
from the heart can put an instrument
musical a score in the hand of
a sax to this invention until today the way
whatever
here I used great white help
that it is 100% returnable
nature flowers dried a ribbon the wire
from sisal
or can be of the wire itself joins
thick jute looks that beauty is also
It is interesting to
River value helps bring the two options
I have not caught the twine thick
gross rascal they are very close to
this even more matches the tone of our
of our angel and velvet I used is
My mother has very angry and tanks and
remember the carnival mask that I
I have done here also in the divine has a user
take advantage of
and then I also used a little bit of
send to give some form of my
wing
the hot glue and Styrofoam ball and
could also make a ball of
crumpled paper to stay 100% recycled
but I use it by eliton cheap and it gives
a perfect way to use
So what do we do?
I made you my ways
super always you'll see what I look
I made a little baby that would be the cover of our
angel
Look at his clothes is a triangle only.
it will give the outline of my piece and
the sleeves and I already left the size that
I did I sewed the machine to stay
cutie I do not have a machine
seam
I can pass glue or hot glue or
the cola April and close the Colombian already 15
only doubling the fold is and then you do the
size of the angel you want
so here is the body of his clothes
so simple neighbor that nobody gives
Do not do not have a disk, right?
Let's go to the wing and increase that
I did to give a certain stability.
I could have used the paper itself
leather but I got the ipva that gives it
until a double and recalled the format
the wing and there I passed white glue and
I just fixed it.
white white glue joint fixing rush
cool in my help I have to
do before it dries
I get a hot wine iron
the one sent to one of rett dinho and he
sticking no more but she stays at 6
soft
she does not glue well she said it's after
much experience
el perro oeste and then you get the iron
it was not very hot it will not melt
the heat will be fixing the glue of the
and see the fabric because it helps
take off too late and if we do not
pass glue and fix on the iron
she will stick with this whole border
discipline and will be ugly finishing
so I passed the glue I cut with a
scissors and it already looks different
Then the other side will appear from my wing.
What I did and beige can make a kiss.
white that will not appear and I go
back the white glue fixed 'to the
my help and iron it again
dry
I go with the scissors and cut my
Asa wants to give a grace to this wing that I
I did a catch and I would
I worked the whole contour with the glue
hot then we get the hot glue
we work on the back of the wing and we
let's put this all going send
around my wing to give this
more sophisticated finish
I do not want to be so many
leave it so you do not see if you see
ugly looks this finish gets ugly
Even I'm going to get my hot glue and
vote by sticking all that thread of sisal
on the back of my wing tone is pick up
hot glue and goes and fixes all
so then that's it here it's work
She is but she is going to give grace in my
angel
a show that is different, right?
ear let's take a break you line
that sends tour on the interval in
sequence people back to back hockey
taught the whole selection and we bring
step by step assembly of the
body and the details of the
little face of the head
without doubt the next block we do
tintim for tintim there we go back to
stay